This class was developed as an attempt to get a better grip on RSS feeds which use additional nodes to establish a range of dates during which event should be displayed.
Ferrum College was one of institutions needing this setup.

This package contains:
1.ferrum.xml - a standard RSS feed file in XML format, with additional nodes as generated by OUCampus RSS feed builder ( see OUCampus Documentation for extra node generation)
2.sample_output.php is front end display script which when run produces the RSS feed items.
3. displayRangeRSSFeed.php - main class which need to be imported into sample_output.php and initialized.
4.displayRangeRSSFeed-DEBUGGING.php - almost identical , however additional debugging code is just commented out. Useful for debugging the displayRangeRSSFeed class.
5. readme.md - this file
TO INSTALL:
just copy whole directory to ROOT directory of your localhost or domain and in a browser call http://path-to-localhost/range_rss_filter/sample_output.php
 
NOTES on dates:
Despite ambiguity in specification:
Start Date or End Date  can be added or will not be added; the logic in auto correcting/setting those dates is as follows.
If start date for the event  does not exist make it today.
If end day  for the event does not exist make it startdate + 1 Day
an attempt is made to extract hours and minutes from starttime and endtime variables. 
Some adjustments are made in case hours or minutes are missing by extracting them from NOW constant per say.
It was decided against the use of am/pm since strtotime() function deals with 24 hour time format. ( 6:00pm is 18:00 and 6:00am is 6:00).
Feel free to add it and rewrite the functions to account for that prior to converting variables $d1 and $d2 into timestamps.
If a customer want to have a separate node for hours and separate node for minuts those node elements are commented out of the DOM and can be added with slight change to 
both concatenate functions. Category node is also commented and can be added for additional filtering possibilities.

NOTES for strtotime():
Dates in the m/d/y or d-m-y formats are disambiguated by looking at the separator between the various components: if the separator is a slash (/), 
then the American m/d/y is assumed; whereas if the separator is a dash (-) or a dot (.), then the European d-m-y format is assumed.
To avoid potential ambiguity, it's best to use ISO 8601 (YYYY-MM-DD) dates or DateTime::createFromFormat() when possible.


I used OU's old DOM method to parse through the ferrum.xml RSS feed file and build the array of items 
that I pass first to cnctStartDate() and cnctEndDate() functions to produce a timestamp from individual ,year, month, day and time variables.
then pass it to date range comparison function. to determine which events should be filtered out of display array of $items.
(wanted to do it somewhat functionally rather than procedurally, to echo XSL approach to the world.) 

When in need of debugging change the import file in sample_output to displayRangeRssFeed-DEBUGGING.php will allow you to uncomment 
a lot of debugging code to view dates in variety of case studies.

Enjoy.
Marx Shilov
